
Hi! My name is Brendan Lawler.
For those who are interested, I am an Indigenous Aboriginal man from the Kamilaroi tribe. Although I do know my heritage, I wasn't born in Taree where my tribe is centralized, but I am from the Hunter Valley in New South Wales.
I am 20 years of age and have a limited knowledge of IT, all of which comes from my own investigative efforts on my parents home office computer, until I built my own computer mid 2020.
My 4 month old kitten Marge, is almost a child to me. She loves to play with her little red mouse toy, which she LOVES playing fetch with, and no. I did not name her after The Simpsons.

My interests include: 
Sports - 
I have a history in Soccer, which I played when I was younger. I did eventually stop, but I do still follow the English Premier League, and I also love basketball.
Video Games - 
I'm a fanatic for the E-Sports teams Fnatic in all forms. I've played Counter Strike: Global Offensive since I was 15, and I have recently quit playing League of Legends because it's trash. 
Recently I have been playing Osu!
Music - 
Although i'm thoroughly invested and in love with music, I can't play any instruments aside from a small amount from my didgeridoo. 
My obsession with Kanye West led to me having his name put on my High School jersey, and I love Jimi Hendrix and the way he manipulated guitars to make out of world sounds.
English - 
When writing, my English techniques and skills aren't written very well, but I believe I am a very well spoken individual face to face or over a voice call. 
OutKast, Wu-Tang Clan and MF Doom (Rappers) is really where my love of the English language came from. It's an amazing thing to witness people master words to give a few written lines so much meaning and emotion.

Education:
My education levels don't exceed my High School Certificate as I am a recent HS graduate. 
But having some time off school has really made me want to go back and extend my knowledge of subjects I love, which is why I am currently writting this!
 High School Certificate (HSC) - Cessnock High School

Interest in IT:
My interest in IT stems from a young age. 
As a child, I would come home from school everyday (Then do my homework. Education is important kids!) and play flash games and PS2 games frequently.
That quickly developed into my discovery of the Steam Store, where I played more Team Fortress than i'd like to admit, and found so many different games of all sorts of varieties. 
Playing so many different genres, I have found out that I love open world RPG's, First Person Shooter's and my overwhelming thrill I  get out of well developed indie Horror games.

On my parents office computer, I would love to explore the windows operating system (OS) and find out what the capabilities of it was, and I would deeply investigate all of the options and settings. 
Although, I do know my way around programs and software, if you put a gun to my head and asked me 'Why does the taskbar keep tasks on them' I could not tell you at all. 
I do know that when someone tells you that "Alt + F4 will give you cheats", you should probably ignore them.
That being said, I do have some knowledge around hardware as I have put together my computer and taken apart many more previously.

The reason I chose RMIT was due to RMIT's high notoriety of being a well developed and forward thinking educational option which could help me further pursue my desires of becoming a game developer.
Furthermore, the experience I have had so far has been amazing, the tutors and people involved are lovely, the students are friendly and well engaged and RMIT's OUA has openly given me a big stepping stone in my life.
(Sucking Up pass me please I appreciate you all <3. Hard world out here y'all )

My expectations that come from my studies is to gain as much information about the future. 
Information Technology and Programming are the courses I am studying, and I know that both of these subjects are already in our daily lives already, but the future holds so much more potential for these subjects. 
The more I can learn about these topics and my passion, then the world becomes my oyster.

My Ideal Job:
https://www.seek.com.au/career-advice/role/game-developer
Game development:
Being introduced to video games by my uncles at such a young age really drove a passion in video games for me. 
For this career path, to be a successful game developer, you need to have extensive knowledge of programming and game design. 
Game design meaning that you need a good understanding of sound and graphics design, and having interests in music and an avid lover of video games, those parameters fit me well!
I intend on taking more courses in the future, which is why IT is a suitable course. 
The web design aspect of IT can allow me to understand html code as well as web design in it's whole. 

Knowing what technology has in store for me and what I have at my disposal and where to take it and the limits I can push it to.
Although I am not currently studying game design, I have the ability to make music on my own computer using FL Studio. 
My goal by the end of the courses is to create my own indie game. Who knows, I could be the next Gaben Newell.

But to be realistic, I would love to have a stable job in game design in some company that creates any sort of game. 
I plan on eventually finishing off my courses, start new courses with the intent to improve my game and music design and learn how to make a world feel more full.
I also plan on investing in a new computer to run Unreal Engine so I can just mess around with character designs and having fun with it while I still learn and work on a project.


Strengths & Weaknesses
Logician Strengths

Great Analysts and Abstract Thinkers –
People with the Logician personality type view the world as a big, complex machine, and recognize that as with any machine, all parts are interrelated. 
Logicians excel in analyzing these connections, seeing how seemingly unrelated factors tie in with each other in ways that bewilder most other personality types.

Imaginative and Original – 
These connections are the product of an unrelenting imagination – Logicians’ ideas may seem counter-intuitive at a glance, and may never even see the light of day, but they will always prove remarkable innovations.

Open-Minded – 
Logicians couldn’t make these connections if they thought they knew it all – they are highly receptive to alternate theories, so long as they’re supported by logic and facts. In more subjective matters like social norms and traditions, Logicians are usually fairly liberal, with a “none of my business” sort of attitude – peoples’ ideas are what matter.

Enthusiastic – 
When a new idea piques their interest, Logicians can be very enthusiastic – they are a reserved personality type, but if another person shares an interest, they can be downright excited about discussing it. More likely though, the only outward evidence of this enthusiasm will be Logicians’ silent pacing or their staring into the distance.

Objective – 
Logicians’ analysis, creativity and open-mindedness aren’t the tools of some quest for ideology or emotional validation. Rather, it’s as though people with the Logician personality type are a conduit for the truths around them, so far as they can be expressed, and they are proud of this role as theoretical mediator.
Honest and Straightforward –
 To know one thing and say another would be terribly disingenuous – Logicians don’t often go around intentionally hurting feelings, but they believe that the truth is the most important factor, and they expect that to be appreciated and reciprocated.

Logician Weaknesses

Very Private and Withdrawn –
While Logicians’ intellectualism yields many insights into their surroundings, their surroundings are ironically considered an intrusion on their thoughts. 
This is especially true with people – Logicians are quite shy in social settings. More complicated situations such as parties exacerbate this, but even close friends struggle to get into Logicians’ hearts and minds.

Insensitive –
Oftentimes Logician personalities get so caught up in their logic that they forget any kind of emotional consideration – they dismiss subjectivity as irrational and tradition as an attempt to bar much-needed progress. 
Purely emotional situations are often utterly puzzling to Logicians, and their lack of timely sympathy can easily offend.

Absent-minded – 
When Logicians’ interest is captured, their absence goes beyond social matters to include the rest of the physical world. 
Logicians become forgetful, missing even the obvious if it’s unrelated to their current infatuation, and they can even forget their own health, skipping meals and sleep as they muse.

Condescending – 
Attempts at connecting with others are often worse than Logicians’ withdrawal. People with the Logician personality type take pride in their knowledge and rationale, and enjoy sharing their ideas, but in trying to explain how they got from A to B to Z, they can get frustrated, sometimes simplifying things to the point of insult as they struggle to gauge their conversation partners’ perspective. The ultimate insult comes as Logicians give up with a dismissive “never mind”.

Loathe Rules and Guidelines –
These social struggles are partly a product of Logicians’ desire to bypass the rules, of social conduct and otherwise. While this attitude helps Logicians’ strength of unconventional creativity, it also causes them to reinvent the wheel constantly and to shun security in favor of autonomy in ways that can compromise both.

Second-Guess Themselves –
Logicians remain so open to new information that they often never commit to a decision at all. This applies to their own skills as well – Logician personalities know that as they practice, they improve, and any work they do is second-best to what they could do. Unable to settle for this, Logicians sometimes delay their output indefinitely with constant revisions, sometimes even quitting before they ever begin.